Yves: The set looks so beautiful
Yves: Especially, that colors…
Chuu: LIke a palace~!
Yves: Shall we look around?
Yves: Love House~
*Love House is a Korean TV show that launched in 2000
Yves: Oh, crown!
Chuu: A throne?
Yves: You must make a pose when you sit a chair like this!
(It’s so obviously Yves’ pose)
Chuu: Click
Yves: Click
(And It’s so obviously Chuu’s pose…)
Chuu: There are some flowers!
Yves: Oh, that’s my friends!
Chuu: Oh, I just find me among them!
Chuu: It's Chuu~
Yves: Hey, Yves~
Chuu: Chuu, I’m here~
Yves: Let me introduce Tori, a friend of HyunJin
Yves: Hi, Tori~
(She seems to like a cat!)
(But Chuu doesn’t seem to like a cat!)
Chuu: I think the cat is too big…
Chuu: Anyway… Hey, you’re sitting cute!?
(Such a queen of pose!)
Yves: Oh my!
Yves: Please take a picture of us, me and Tori!
Chuu: 3, 2, 1, two shot!
Yves: Wait, Tori looked at a camera!
Yves: Did you see??
Chuu: No~
(But after a video review, it is confirmed that Tori looked at a camera a bit!)